{\rtf1\ansi\deff0 {\fonttbl {\f0 Times New Roman;} {\f1 Arial;} {\f2 Courier New;}}
{\colortbl;\red255\green0\blue0;\red0\green255\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red255\green255\blue0;}
{\stylesheet {\s0\snext0 Normal;} {\s1\snext1\qc\f1\fs28\b Heading 1;}}

\paperw12240\paperh15840\margl1440\margr1440\margt1440\margb1440

{\pard\s1\qc\f1\fs28\b RTF Document Test\par}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs24 This is a comprehensive RTF test document that demonstrates various formatting features.\par}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
\b Bold text\b0  and \i italic text\i0  and \ul underlined text\ul0 .\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Text with \cf1 red color\cf0  and \cf2 green color\cf0  and \cf3 blue color\cf0 .\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Different font sizes: \fs16 small\fs20  normal \fs28 large\fs20  text.\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Font families: \f0 Times New Roman\f0 , \f1 Arial\f0 , and \f2 Courier New\f0 .\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Superscript: E=mc\super 2\nosupersub  and subscript: H\sub 2\nosupersub O.\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
\strike Strikethrough text\strike0  and \caps SMALL CAPS TEXT\caps0 .\par
}

{\pard\ql\s0\f0\fs20 Left-aligned paragraph.\par}
{\pard\qc\s0\f0\fs20 Center-aligned paragraph.\par}
{\pard\qr\s0\f0\fs20 Right-aligned paragraph.\par}
{\pard\qj\s0\f0\fs20 Justified paragraph with enough text to demonstrate the justification effect when wrapped across multiple lines in the document.\par}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Lists:\par
{\pard\li720\s0\f0\fs20 
\bullet  First item\par
\bullet  Second item\par
\bullet  Third item\par
}
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Numbered list:\par
{\pard\li720\s0\f0\fs20 
1. First numbered item\par
2. Second numbered item\par
3. Third numbered item\par
}
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Indented paragraphs:\par
{\pard\li720\s0\f0\fs20 This paragraph is indented from the left margin.\par}
{\pard\li720\ri720\s0\f0\fs20 This paragraph is indented from both margins.\par}
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Line spacing:\par
{\pard\sl240\slmult1\s0\f0\fs20 Single line spacing paragraph.\par}
{\pard\sl480\slmult1\s0\f0\fs20 Double line spacing paragraph.\par}
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Special characters and symbols:\par
\u8226? Bullet symbol\par
\u8364? Euro symbol\par
\u169? Copyright symbol\par
\u174? Registered trademark symbol\par
\'e9 Accented e (using hex escape)\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Tables (simplified):\par
{\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\s0\f0\fs20 Cell 1\cell
\pard\intbl\s0\f0\fs20 Cell 2\cell
\pard\intbl\s0\f0\fs20 Cell 3\cell
\row}
{\trowd\trgaph108\trleft-108
\cellx2880\cellx5760\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\s0\f0\fs20 Cell 4\cell
\pard\intbl\s0\f0\fs20 Cell 5\cell
\pard\intbl\s0\f0\fs20 Cell 6\cell
\row}
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Hyperlinks and bookmarks:\par
{\field{\*\fldinst HYPERLINK "http://example.com"}{\fldrslt Example Link}}\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Page breaks and sections:\par
This is before the page break.\page
This is after the page break.\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Headers and footers:\par
{\header\pard\qc\s0\f0\fs16 Document Header\par}
{\footer\pard\qc\s0\f0\fs16 Document Footer - Page \chpgn\par}
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Footnotes:\par
This text has a footnote\footnote{\pard\s0\f0\fs16 This is the footnote text.}.\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Document information:\par
{\info
{\title RTF Test Document}
{\author Test Author}
{\subject RTF Testing}
{\keywords RTF, test, formatting, document}
{\creatim\yr2024\mo1\dy15\hr10\min30}
{\revtim\yr2024\mo1\dy16\hr14\min45}
}
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Mathematical expressions (using symbol font):\par
{\f3 a + b = c}\par
{\f3 x\super 2\nosupersub  + y\super 2\nosupersub  = z\super 2\nosupersub }\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
Mixed formatting in same paragraph: \b\i\ul Bold, italic, and underlined\b0\i0\ul0  followed by \cf1\fs16 small red text\cf0\fs20 .\par
}

{\pard\s0\f0\fs20 
End of RTF test document.\par
}
}
